Having placed my first, its first, their first word — Placed? Written. Having written: having — and so having instantly obliterated that unempty vertiginous emptiness in which it was once possible not to read, I’ve instantly begun to make the worlds and spaces through which they, you, I, may read. I wanted to give them nothing new. I wanted them to read some piece of what was already, virtually there if not there yet, if only a matter of transcription or, these days: collage, paste, grab, feed. In another place we may feed you and feed them and feed them for you: Mallarmé, Pound, Beckett, Stein, Coover, whoever, whatever was already virtually there because now (then) it could already have been found to have been there (here). While here and now instead I explain or misdirect by filling and composing this surface with what my own readers read — between my ears, in the echoing space of an orature and aurature as vast and formless and surfaceless as what was here before having written having — as I write this in a manner or manners and with a method or methods through which I pretend to poeticize a process or system of manifold processes that we have designed and composed and herewith propose as, in itself, in themselves, poetic, and thus as having no need of this pretended prose, poetry, prose, poetry, prose, poetry, prose, poetry. For, when you, or they, start with a first word, having begun to read: having, say, but not necessarily having begun with having as your or anyone’s or any reader’s first word or letter or phrase or all of whatever in some instant you or they may read, instantly; for in any of these circumstances it is of course possible to start anywhere — anywhere here or anywhere at all — and continue in any way possible including to proceed along the line of the syntagm, of the diegesis, of the world and all the worlds I break and you break and they break with every, even the least distinguishable, instance of language. And although its distinctions are arbitrarily and infinitely fine and various, nonetheless, you will proceed. And they will proceed. And I am proceeding. But you and they and I, reading as I write, must also necessarily proceed otherwise and in all possible wise. That’s what we do. And that’s why we did this. Making a little world of readers moving through a formlessness formed by forms that are formed by the formlessness they have formed by having placed a first and then proceeded in any conceivable manner. Having written, by convention, in our own field of writing as cultural practice, to the right, tending downwards, but then, what’s this? A frequent periodic, instantaneous teleportation of reader attention to some arbitrary left-most edge-of-the-abyss having there set the next world-breaking instance of orature for and in me, in you, in our readers. So, no more objections from you critics. Clearly anything can have happened here and we may give ourselves permission to make all and any such movements of readers beautiful since what are they more than movements through a spacetime that is, I repeat, conformed by you and I and all our readers as we read and as we come to the vertiginous edge of having written?